hello peeps
so didn't go up today till fairly late
you know how that Sunday morning yn by
11 I was up and about I went to the
library and I printed out lecture notes
which I feel it's quite a good step
towards actually doing work the maths
Department don't seem to print out typed
notes for you and honestly my hand
nearly fell off last week doing all the
writing throughout the lectures and I
feel like with MAO she can't even
summarize that well because if you miss
out an important line in like a
derivation or equation you can look back
and think what the hell was going on
yeah I'm feeling happy and now I've got
those notes printed everyone else seems
to be doing a fair bit of works I
thought I should be too because I'm
getting psyched out and I should be
doing work maybe even though I haven't
been set any I think it's the whole kind
of third year mindset that like this is
quite important and everyone's going I
think I'm almost out the other side with
freshest flu my voice is returning back
to normal we are much less cranky I can
breathe through my nose again life is
good
fresh as flow is over with and hopefully
that means I'll be immune for the rest
of time I've just been eating some of
the cake that me and Leah baked and it
actually tastes really good and I'm not
just saying that everyone who's tasted
it so far has said oh actually that's
quite good really hoping it doesn't rain
this afternoon because outings aren't
particularly pleasant when it's raining
and cold and next week I've gotten out
of on Saturday and Sunday so let's pray
I don't have any work I've been signing
up for quite a lot tomorrow evening I'm
going to concert band rehearsal for the
first time what's the evening I've got a
social with the Coxes of the Boat Club
Tuesday night I want to go to a
astronomy Society talk and then I've
also signed up for a load of outreach
stuff at the Austrian Department and
I've got five lecture courses I want to
keep up with it because I'm taking an
optional extra one for interest and I've
got a load of youtube's after edit and I
want to have a life I feel I come back
in first year again and having to find
that balance between work and fun I'll
update you guys on how it goes I feel
like I should be CV building at this
point as well
hello everyone this is a job board and
we're playing darts and I I'm quite good
at darts
I just got 40 points in the one terms
triple eleven which I was aiming for so
peeps
I guess he's doing some work me I came
back from Cal played darts with my
friends I'm gonna headed back here and
eventually I've managed to sit down at
my desk and do some work it did take me
a while I did sit around ago on my phone
for quite a bit when I got back to my
room but I'm on to it now I've just go
through my lecture notes all the
lectures I've already had I've had five
lectures so far so I'm just recapping
them making sure everything I've been
told so far is in here and hopefully
I'll be given my supervisors this week
so I can get in contact with them and
organise supervisions because we have to
organize our own supervision which is
different because normally that
organized for you in first and second
year but third year they're like go be
independent organize your own
supervisions
take responsibility for your own
learning get in touch with these PhD
students or academics I've gone through
all my lecture notes I've made a pile of
the ones I need tomorrow so I'm all
organized because tomorrow is a Monday
it is a new week and I'm determined it
will be a successful week yeah I'm gonna
call it a night get ready for bed go get
some water from the kitchen oh I'm being
terribly bad updating you guys and
taking you guys with me but today
basically standard staff had lectures in
the morning three lectures I still went
to the optional third lecture it's all
my timetable but just for interest I
don't actually have a lot of work so I
don't have supervisors as I've already
mentioned like I literally have no work
set so I might as well go to these extra
lectures for the time being and not just
waste time doing nothing and I knew that
if I just left and came back to my room
I'd sit around doing nothing I wouldn't
even read over my other lecture notes so
I might as well have gone to that
lecture this evening I'm going to
concert band rehearsal I went to the
first rehearsal of this particular
concert band it's like an audition quite
chill University concert band I went to
their first rehearsal at the start of my
first year and I think I even spoke
about
but then I just took on so much other
stuff and first year that I just didn't
have time to keep going so I stopped
going as you can see I've got my
clarinet you can see over there with me
this time and I'm determined to play it
a little bit more I'm just really
fitting it to concert band rehearsal now
I'm feeling kind of nervous like I feel
like I'm a fresher again because like
it's joining a new society kind of thing
I'm not knowing anyone I've been playing
my clarinet a bit over the last few days
it's really nice to get back into it so
yeah morning coffee time then I had my
first lecture of the day between
lectures we have to cycle between
different departments so here I am
heading for my bike
after speedy cycle I parked my bike
outside the Cavendish and headed to the
lecture theatre
successful morning of lectures just
popped by Sainsbury's device jeez
because I'm making it toasty it's the
return of the toasty skies and then I've
got a free afternoon so I think I'm
gonna get some questions done okay just
got back from that show that's back into
my room I just gotta bought some cheese
that same as I just said I'm excited I'm
gonna go make a tuna melt hosting it's a
quiet house during the day now I didn't
realize quite how quiet it was gonna be
but it's because majority of us are
sciences students and in third-year that
you tend to spend a lot of time at your
department especially when you've got
lots of labs and I'm the exception the
others do you have labs quite regularly
so they still have quite full-on time
tables but it's nice because the second
year is in our house and not the
department's all day like last year I
wasn't at the physics department all day
so they're always around so that's nice
to have company at lunchtime lunch has
been eaten I had a tuna melt toasty and
then a fat slice of chocolate cake
there's only one slice left now so I'm
hoping someone will finish that up today
and then the fridge is cleared of cake
and it's probably good because I can be
a bit healthier I'm going to attempts to
be productive this afternoon I mean
especially the end of the relativity
lecture this morning I stopped listening
in I mean I didn't stop listening I just
gradually started to get lost in the
maths and what was going on and then by
the end I was like nope I don't know
what's going on anymore
I think it was quite easy it was just a
load of chain rule stuff nothing that
complicated but once she like lost the
first step and it was flowing on and I
was like what's going on so I need to
read over that also I need to review
some of the stellar dynamics lecture
notes because the lecturer was like this
morning what's the average mass of a
globular cluster typically how old stars
in your peanut clusters what is the
average velocity in globular clusters
and I'm like I don't remember I don't
remember so I need to kind of make me
make some flashcards and try get a bit
more on it with that stuff and then also
in my stellar dynamics lecture this
morning we were going over orbits and
kind of quite basic dynamic stuff that
I've covered in first and second year
that I should know that the back of my
hand and I was discovering as I was
listening to a lecture this morning
really really don't so I kind of want to
have a look over that practice just
deriving it all for myself
and just really really be solid in that
base stuff one of my other lecturers
sounds like Professor Snape from Harry
Potter so I'm just sitting there in a
lecture feeling like I'm in potions
class which is quite fun I didn't tell
you about concert band concert band was
so good yesterday evening I'm so glad I
won't the music was fun to play and it
was actually playable I've only got
grade six and clarinet so I'm just a bit
dodgy at clarinet I'm also quite a
nervous clarinet player so when I'm in a
band I'm really scared of playing
something wrong so I hold back then as
well my clarinet skills leave a lot to
be desired and I was worried about being
able to play the staff but I actually
could play it and it was fun music as
well I did have a coughing fit midway
through the rehearsal which was
incredibly embarrassing when you're just
sitting there dying and everyone else is
just playing the piece like normal I
recovered though had a drink of water
it's all good
[Music]
hello everyone so it is the evening now
my day has not been productive as I
wished it to be I got a bit of work done
this afternoon but a lot less than I
wanted
I'm not quite back into that work mode
yet I think especially because I haven't
actually been set the work I don't have
any deadlines I'm kind of struggling to
motivate myself but anyway I've had half
dinner with my friends had a bit of a
chat with my friends and now I'm heading
off to a talk from the Cambridge
University Astronomical Society they've
gotten a guest speaker talking about
dark matter I really kind of just want
to throw myself into the course issue I
feel like going to interesting talks
like this it's a good way of doing so I
quite enjoy them they're quite
interesting
I don't know this will be anything new
like I think to a lot of talks on dark
matter before and let's face it we don't
know much about it I'm back from the
talk it was good actually the guy giving
it was called Brian Clegg he was a
science writer he actually studied
Natural Sciences at Cambridge I'm like
yeah it's always interesting to hear
about the mysteries of dark matter and
dark energy and all the different
competing theories that might explain
them except nothing's that have been
detected and there seems to be flaws
with every theory on Wednesday I had the
fun activity of cycling to lectures in
the rain can't you see I'm just a loving
life
okay I've had lectures this morning and
I can't be bothered to go back to
college so I've just had lunch in the
math department now I am heading for the
math library which I can see yeah that's
a busy day I'm suddenly feeling like
I've got quite a lot of work and I've
just got my this two supervisors for the
year he won't now need to get in contact
with and here is the math department
library which is actually very nice and
also very empty math students clearly
don't go to their library I just dropped
my karma card which is like my access
card for uni which I need for like
everything everyday like get in my room
pay for stuff at CAF all that dropped it
on the ground
that was a close cool I just noticed who
are getting on my bike it's been quite a
busy day today
it's just gone half past five and I've
only just got back in I've had four
lectures today although one of them is
optional and I'm considering stopping
going to this like optional lecture
course cause it is on the timetable but
it's only for interest I'm not going to
be examined on it and a lot of the stuff
at the moment is what I've already done
last year but then I think it does pick
up a bit later but also I can just see
everything getting really busy this term
and I don't want to like bite off more
than I can chew what you just heard me
saying was that I nearly lost my Karen
card because I dropped it as I was
taking my phone at my pocket if you lose
your card you have to pay for a new one
it's only ten pounds but also you have
to wait for the new one to arrive and
you have to have a temporary card and
it's all a bit of a faff and I've never
actually lost my Karen card before and I
want to keep up that run so yeah also
this afternoon I had a second round of
coffee in biscuits
after that we had an undergraduate
journal Club meeting you go through a
few papers like asteroid papers it's run
by PhD students and they're just giving
loads of advice to third and fourth-year
students on how to tackle the part two
and part three astrophysics course which
is so so useful all the inside tips and
tricks and I need all the help I can get
good morning everyone
so I love my life basically now I'm
getting up just had breakfast this
morning my lap just don't start till
10:30 which is just such a nice time for
letters to start I'm going in slightly
early though at 10:20 for coffee and
biscuits because the department is so
nice
they give us coffee and biscuits every
day hello everyone so I think I'm going
to end this vlog here oh let's stop that
music listening
music while I'm doing my work I'm a
little bit tired and I need to bring my
ante and I've got a busy weekend coming
up so I'm really hoping I don't fall
behind with work thank you very much for
watching this video please give the
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it make
sure you subscribe to my channel
exciting content coming your way this is
third-year it's getting exciting now hit
the notification bell follow me over my
Instagram and yeah I'll see you soon
with another video from my hectic life
at uni bye guys
[Music]